h1. Shutdown - Android Root App

*NEEDS ROOT PRIVILIGES*

This app just asks you, if you are sure and then immediately turns off your phone using the <code>reboot -p</code> switch.

*Note:* This _should_ be quite safe, but still, as your filesystems are not unmounted (just a sync call is made), there is the possibility that you may loose data. Therefore I do not take any warranty! *USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!*

h2. Button image

The power button is from "Clker.com":http://www.clker.com, namely "here":http://www.clker.com/clipart-10550.html and thus public domain.

h2. MIT License

Copyright (c) 2011 Ubicoo - http://www.ubicoo.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
